What's wrong with me?
Where am I?
You are poisoned
I saved you with elixir
What is poisoning?
Very likely
It was the same person who poisoned it ten years ago
Then why didn't you save me before?
You're going to save me from the grave
Since they want you dead
If you don't die
They will never stop dying
If so
Why don't you die first?
See what works
Are you trying to lead the snake out of the hole?
Yes, Uncle Shen
So
You have to exist as a dead person for a while
It doesn't matter if I can't show up
But I'm just worried about flesh and blood.
He's all alone now.
I'll take care of him for you.
Where am I going now?
Don't worry, I have my own arrangements.
Every time I see you, it's my own
Don't be so polite.
Whatever you want
It was Mr. Shen who lived with you first
The safety issue is up to you
I will definitely take good care of Mr. Shen
Remember to arrange a shareholder attack tomorrow
You must get it from Shen Xuerou
The control of Longshan Group is in your hands